- Joe Berchtold got
a call from his brother.
- Are you--
are you threatening me, Bob?
- You just take care, Brother.
- Did we get him?
- We're sending you back
to Idaho.
- [chuckles]
- Stay the hell away!
And do not contact Jan
or anyone from my family!
He is trying to destroy us.
I'm gonna buy a gun.
- You're hereby ordered
to serve 15 days.
- 15 days?
- What can we do?
- Nothing.
- Zada and Zethra need me
to go up to Wyoming,
Jackson Hole,
about a Fun Center.
- Well, maybe, you know,
I could come and work for you
there this summer.
- You're not going
to Jackson Hole.
- Where is Jan?
[engines roaring]
[soft ominous music]
* *
[bell ringing]
[music playing softly
on stereo]
* *
- What?
- [sighs]
She's gone.
I couldn't stop her.
They were taking off.
I'm--I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I--I don't know what to do.
- Gone where?
* *
[The Cowsills' "The Rain,
The Park, & Other Things"]
* *
- * I saw her
sitting in the rain *
* Raindrops falling on her *
* She didn't seem to care *
* She sat there
and smiled at me *
* Then I knew *
- * I knew, I knew, I knew *
- * I knew *
- * She could make me happy *
- * Happy *
- * She could make me
very happy *
- Welcome to Wyoming, Dolly!
- * Flowers everywhere *
- Aw!
- * Oh, the flower girl *
* Oh, I don't know just why
she simply caught my eye *
- * I love the flower girl *
- * She seemed so sweet
and fine *
* She crept into my mind *
- * To my mind *
* To my mind *
- Zada and Zethra will be glad
I'm here, right?
- What?
Yeah.
Yeah, they sure will.
But you know,
now that you're here,
you let me worry
about Zada and Zethra.
They'll get in touch
when they need to.
You and me,
we are together
for the whole summer,
and we're gonna have
so much fun.
Right?
* *
I miss spending time with you.
- * I love the flower girl *
- * Oh, I don't know just why,
she simply caught my eye *
- [clicks tongue]
[sighs]
- * So sweet and kind,
she crept into my mind *
- I can't wait for you
to see what I got cooking
at the Fun Center.
Bunny--Tom--
Tom Bunson, who's my partner,
I call him Bunny,
he put all his money
into this place.
Every penny.
He's been--he's been out sick,
but you'll meet him.
He's a hoot.
I call him Funny Bunny.
- Mm.
Well, that's funny.
* *
- Yep.
- * I knew, I knew,
I knew, I knew *
- * She could make me happy *
- Hey, I need to ask you
something serious.
- * Flowers in her hair *
- Are you ready for me to whoop
you at air hockey or what?
- [chuckles]
Yeah, in your dreams.
- [chuckling] Oh!
* *
All right.
- * Was she reality
or just a dream to me? *
- * I love the flower girl *
- * Her love showed me the way
to find a sunny day *
* Sunny, sunny day *
[both chuckling]
- Come on.
* *
- * I love the flower girl *
- [laughs]
[indistinct chatter]
- Oh!
- [groans]
You got me, partner!
[coin clinks]
[Martha and the Vandellas'
"Heat Wave"]
* *
- * Whenever I'm with him,
something inside *
- So they loop around here.
- Uh-huh.
- Right? And then here--
across here.
- Okay.
- All right, all the way
up there, see that?
Two way or something.
You come all the way down
and wrap back around.
And here.
Look at this, look at this.
You're gonna love this.
- * Could it be
a devil in me *
* Or is this the way
love's supposed to be? *
- These shoot all the way.
I can get one from that
side across to this corner.
[Pilot's "Magic"]
- * Oh, ho, ho, it's magic *
* You know *
* Never believe it's not so *
- [laughs]
- * It's magic, you know *
[bell ringing]
* Never believe it's not so *
* *
* Never been awake *
- [laughs]
- * Never seen a day break *
* Leaning on my pillow
in the morning *
- I can't believe
this is all yours.
- Hey, Jan!
- Hey, Jasper.
- Hey, son.
Holding down the fort?
- Yeah, except the
popcorn machine's busted.
I'm not really sure
what happened.
- Hey, there.
- Hey.
- Can I talk to you, Mr. B?
- Yeah.
Get yourself something
sweet to eat.
Jasper, fix her something.
Be right back.
- * It's magic, you know *
- Can you make cotton candy?
- Yeah, whatever you want.
It's really nice to see you.
Too bad they didn't let us go
to the same school last year.
- Yeah.
But you're still
the same old Jasper.
Haven't changed a bit.
- * Leaning on my pillow
in the morning *
* Never been awake *
* Never seen a day break *
[ominous music]
* *
- Hey, yo,
cotton candy coming up.
- [laughs] Do you think
you could show me around?
- Sure.
- So look, Bunny's wife
called while you were out.
He--
Bunny, he--
he took his own life.
Shot himself.
His--his wife was right there
when he did it.
- Well, let's just get
that popcorn machine
up and running today.
Huh?
[upbeat music]
* *
- Rush is at 7:00.
I don't get to sit down
most nights,
but you know,
working for a living.
- Still sounds fun, though.
- Yeah.
- You think I could
help out sometime?
- Hey.
- [laughs]
Yeah, I just love it up here.
- Oh, that's great.
- And Grandma and Uncle Joe
are coming to visit too.
- Plus, we're going to the
Pink Garter in a couple days,
that theater I told you about.
- Really?
- Someone I want you to meet.
- And me too.
Am I coming?
- Just Jan.
Turn that frown upside down.
* *
- * Happy *
* Happy music *
- Jan, your father
is coming to get you,
and that's that.
- Okay, so I'll just leave
and come back again.
And I mean it too.
- Oh, fiddle.
B doesn't have the money
to keep flying you
back and forth.
- Jan, is he there with you?
I want to talk to him.
- Don't go blaming B.
I came here,
and it was my own decision.
You know, Jasper's here too,
and we're having a great time.
I'll be back home before
school starts in the fall,
and that's that.
[phone slams]
- Okay.
- We can't use FBI resources
like we did last time
since she's
technically a runaway,
but the good news is
is that this time,
we know where she is.
She's not missing.
- Feels like she's missing.
- Well, if the FBI's not
gonna get involved,
I'll just drive up there myself
and get her.
- Now hold on.
There are two things
we need to consider.
First is the potential
for violence.
- I'm not afraid of that man.
- The second is what Jan
has already told you.
Even if you bring her back,
she's just gonna leave again.
We need to convince her
that the right choice
is to come home.
- She's not gonna come home
unless B tells her to.
And I don't know how we get
that man to do anything.
- Actually,
I already have an idea.
There's a civil attorney that
I'd like to introduce you to,
a guy by the name
of Mark Eamons.
He's not a nice guy.
Can I put you in touch?
- I'm real excited about
the theater tomorrow.
You still not gonna tell me
who I'm meeting?
- [chuckling] No.
[10cc's "I'm Not In Love"]
* *
- I sure wish Jasper could
have stayed up with us.
- Hmm.
Yeah, well, he's wiped out.
Working like a dog
like his old man.
* *
No!
- Horoscope said I was gonna
be extra lucky this week.
I guess I should
have warned you.
- Unbelievable.
* *
- * Don't get me wrong *
* Don't think
you've got it made *
[soft ominous music]
- My little Leo...
* *
You are so dear to me,
you have no idea.
* *
The very first time I laid
eyes on you, I was transfixed,
and that was even before
we knew about the mission.
* *
I could feel you drawing me in,
drawing me to you.
* *
And now...
now I don't think I could live
without your special light.
[water dripping]
- Ooh.
You know,
I will be back in a jiff.
- You know, Dolly, I've been
waiting to tell you something.
I heard from them today.
They were asking when
the baby's coming.
I said I have no idea.
I said we're trying.
Oh, that scares the heck
out of me sometimes,
but I just have to trust them.
They have so much knowledge.
And in the whole universe,
you and I were chosen,
and that brings joy
to my heart...
to know that loving you
is right.
Come on out.
* *
[indistinct whispering]
- Mr. Horstmann,
are you aware that your client,
Robert Berchtold,
has Jan Broberg again?
I'm the attorney representing
Bob and Mary Ann Broberg,
and they tell me
Jan and Berchtold
have been in Jackson Hole,
Wyoming,
since Tuesday afternoon.
- What?
Oh, no.
- That is 48 hours.
I'm ready to file
a civil lawsuit
on behalf of the Brobergs
if they do not
get their daughter back.
I will bleed
Berchtold like a pig.
His cars, his houses,
his businesses,
his brother, his wife,
his kids.
Anybody who helped him out will
get swept up in this thing,
and I am more than happy
to spread the pain around.
Let's not forget the, uh,
suspended sentence either.
That was five years,
wasn't it?
- I can get Jan back home,
pronto.
Just let me contact my client,
please.
- I'm watching the clock,
Horstmann.
Don't fuck with me on this.
[phone slams]
[indistinct chatter]
- Just in here.
Psst!
Hi.
- Well, I'm assuming
this is the famous daughter
I've been
hearing so much about.
- [chuckles]
You got that right.
This is Jan.
- So what did you think?
That was the first show,
you know,
so you're my very
first audience.
- Oh.
- Well, I just thought
that you were amazing.
- Aw!
[laughs]
Have you done much acting?
Your dad says you got the bug.
- Um, I--well, yeah, I've--
I've acted before.
- She loves to perform.
Sometimes she gets some nerves.
Listen, I'm gonna leave
you girls to talk shop.
Why don't you tell her
what you told me
about what you learned
in New York?
- Come. Take a seat.
[laughs]
Are you familiar
with the method?
Well, if you've got this gap
between what you're doing
and what you're feeling,
then no one's really buying it,
right?
But if you can really use
your imagination
and kind of feel all the things
a person in your character's
situation might be feeling,
then the character's
kind of real
'cause she's you.
- So, um, you're just
kind of tricking yourself.
- No, no, no, no, no.
It's not a trick.
Um, you just
imagine the part inside you
where the character
can be true and you become her.
I'll tell you what I do.
It's a little mantra.
Ready?
[exhales]
I breathe out me.
[inhales]
I breathe in who I want to be.
[both taking deep breaths]
[Tommy James
and the Shondells'
"Sweet Cherry Wine"]
* *
- * Come on, everyone,
we got to get together now *
* *
* Oh, yeah *
* Love's the only thing
that matters anyhow *
* *
* And the beauty of life *
* Can only survive *
* If we love *
* One another *
* *
- You're going to fast!
- So fun!
* *
* Oh, yeah *
- Did you like the show?
Enjoyed meeting Alice?
- Yeah, I sure did.
- * No, we ain't gonna fight *
- I can just see us.
Someday we are gonna have
a house right on the ocean,
and in the evening, we'll curl
up in front of a glowing fire.
You'll be reading the script
for your next big
Hollywood movie.
[both chuckle]
Oh, honey.
- * So stimulating,
so intoxicating *
- I'm blessed beyond reason
to have you.
What are you feeling right now,
Dolly?
You can tell me.
[ominous music]
- Hey, uh, damn traffic
on the way in.
Three-car pileup.
Uh, Ma's on her way.
She's just fixing her face.
- Put 'er there, Toughie.
Come here.
Jan, this here's
my baby brother, Joe.
This is Jan.
- Hi.
* *
So you--you got Gail
and the rest of the kids
coming up anytime soon?
- [sighs]
Why don't you go grab
us some snacks, huh?
Maybe some popcorn.
I got that machine
up and running again.
And, uh,
get my brother here a pop.
He needs a little pick-me-up.
- Yeah.
He looks road-weary.
- Yes, he does.
* *
- Your--uh,
Gail's a real sweet girl.
- Yep.
She's just not the girl for me.
You only get one shot
at happiness in this life.
I'm not gonna waste mine.
[laughs]
- You don't want any trouble,
Bob.
- You don't worry.
The FBI comes sniffing around,
I'll tell them you didn't have
nothing to do with anything.
Not gonna have
to rat me out again.
- It's not me
I'm worried about.
- Am I in Mexico?
No. I'm right here.
I am right where
I'm supposed to be.
Jan came to me.
Mom.
- [laughs] My boy.
- Hi.
Look at you.
- Oh!
You look sharp!
[both chuckle]
And this Fun Center of yours.
- It's something.
- Oh, oh!
- [chuckles]
- Hey.
How's it going?
- It's good.
- Good.
* *
You, uh--
you liking it up here?
- Yeah.
It's real fun.
- Uh, you wouldn't rather
be back home?
- [sigh] Well, you know,
my home is with B.
[soft dramatic music]
Nobody understands,
but you know,
I'd rather kill myself
than be parted from him.
You know I'm meant to be
his eternal companion.
- What an adorable girl.
- Mm-hmm. Right?
Yeah, she's real young.
- Mr. Berchtold,
there's a Mr. Horstmann
on the phone for you.
He says it's urgent.
[suspenseful music]
* *
- One sec.
- Excuse me.
* *
- Very shortly.
Yep.
* *
[hangs up phone]
[sighs]
* *
Hey, come here.
Angel.
The last couple days
have been everything
I could have hoped for.
You really do want to be my
eternal companion,
don't you?
* *
Will you say it for me now,
Dolly?
* *
Say you'll be my bride.
- I do, B.
- [sighs]
* *
Good.
That's good.
[laughs quietly]
Okay.
* *
- Today is Jan's 14th birthday,
and her sisters
were expecting her here.
- I know, I know.
I did too.
I don't know what
the holdup is.
I just spoke to him yesterday.
I imagine he'll be bringing
her back home real soon.
- What you imagine is
no help for my clients--
- On Thursday,
you told us that
he would bring her back pronto.
It's Saturday now,
so you tell that devil
we're filing suit.
- Just give me till
the end of the day.
I promise.
I--I promise I will have
your daughter back home to you.
- Today, Horstmann.
[phone slams]
- [exhales]
- I was talking to a contact of
mine this morning at Quantico.
She's an expert in this field,
and it's her opinion
that the--the kind of
sexual obsession
that Berchtold has with Jan
and young girls,
exclusively young girls,
is incurable.
* *
I don't say any of this
to frighten you,
but he has all the hallmarks
of a psychopathic personality.
He doesn't experience guilt
or remorse or fear like we do.
* *
When Jan gets back,
you cannot give him one inch,
not one moment of access
to her
no matter what.
There is no telling
what he is capable of.
* *
[Captain & Tennille's
"Love Will Keep Us Together"]
* *
- * Love *
* Love will keep us together *
* Think of me, babe,
whenever *
- Hey, quick,
let's get a picture.
Hey, cowboy.
- * Singing a song,
don't mess around *
- Joel, come on.
* You just gotta be strong *
* Just stop
'cause I really love you *
* Stop *
* I've been thinking of you *
* Look in my heart *
* And let love
keep us together *
* *
[discordant music]
[camera shutter clicks]
[Tavares' "Heaven
Must Be Missing an Angel"]
* *
- That ain't it.
Now I didn't get
a chance to wrap it,
'cause I had
to sneak out and get it
while you were scarfing down
your lunch.
- [laughs] I do not scarf.
- You do too scarf.
You're a little scarf machine.
[imitates scarfing sound]
- * Heaven *
- [imitates scarfing sound]
Go ahead.
- Wow.
It's a sewing machine.
I've never had one
just for myself.
- I know, kid.
Well, now you do.
- I just love it. Thank you.
- Yeah, you're welcome.
* *
- Hey, Jan, now that you're
done with all your presents,
you want to play rummy?
- [laughs] Oh, not really.
[phone ringing]
- Hey, I'll play cards
with you, bud.
[phone ringing]
- Hey.
- Go on.
[phone ringing]
- * Showers,
your love comes in showers *
- How about some of this cake?
- Family Fun Center.
Mr. Horstmann for you, Dad.
- * You let me feel
your loving power *
- [clears throat] Why don't you
two beauties take a walk, huh?
Promenade.
Toughie here can escort you.
I'll catch you up.
- * When you came,
my cup runneth over *
* My sweet little angel *
- * Heaven *
- * My pretty little angel *
- What can I do for you,
Mr. Horstmann?
- What the hell
are you thinking?
Get the girl back
to Pocatello now!
- She's only been here
four days.
Plus, Jan doesn't want
to come back.
- Well,
that's beside the point.
She's a kid,
and her parents want her home.
They are going to sue you
and have you arrested
if you don't comply.
- They couldn't do any of that
if she was my wife.
Could they?
- No.
[stutters indistinctly]
But you would need
one of her parents
to consent to a marriage,
and I hardly think
you can expect them to do that.
They are beside themselves!
- Let me tell you
a little something
about Bob
and Mary Ann Broberg, okay?
They are not fit
to raise cattle.
- Mr. Berchtold,
just get Jan back home for now,
all right?
Today.
- Yeah, I said all right!
[phone slams]
- We're supposed
to be together.
- Hey.
Hey, I know.
It's all right.
- It's not all right.
We have to keep trying.
Otherwise, Zada and Zethra
will make Susan take my place
and Karen will go blind.
- [sigh]
- [sniffles]
You know, you could try
talking to my mom.
She'll listen if my--
you know, if Bob's not there.
She was only
taking his side before
because he wanted
to get a divorce.
- Uh--
[sighing chuckle]
[exhales deeply]
- What?
- Uh, there's something--
There's something you ought
to know about Mary Ann.
Oh, hell.
She's in love with me too.
Oh, honey.
Oh, honey,
I didn't want to tell you.
I couldn't stand to see you--
see you hurt,
but you got to know.
She's all broken up
because she knows
how you and I feel
about each other.
And I've told her.
I've told her stop calling
and stop coming around.
- Does my dad know?
- Sure.
Yeah.
He threatened me,
hollering out
on the front lawn,
cussing in front
of Jacob and Jenny.
Hey.
[soft dramatic music]
Dolly.
You and I have been trusted
with a sacred knowledge.
We know that our love
is true and important.
All we have to do
is stay faithful.
We don't know what Zada
and Zethra have in store.
Maybe you going back
to Bob and Mary Ann's.
Maybe that's part of the plan.
* *
You are my companion
no matter where you are.
Okay.
Now, Dolly...
* *
Time to make that call.
[somber music]
* *
Hey.
Okay.
* *
Okay, kiddo.
[car door shuts]
- I'm gonna need some help.
* *
- Go on, Broberg.
You're always good
for a helping hand.
[chuckles]
* *
[car door opens]
[birds singing]
[car door slams]
- What are you gonna do
with that?
You don't even know
how to use one.
- Jan's refusing to
come out of her room.
I should go check
on the chicken.
- Mary Ann.
I know what we said
about weapons in the house.
I didn't threaten him with it,
but Jan did see it.
- Was she scared?
- No, actually.
It was him I wanted to scare.
I want him to know
that I'm her father
and that I could defend her,
and that I would.
I truly hate him, and I--
[sighs]
I can't stand the thought
of you with him.
- [breathing shakily]
I can't stand it either.
[crickets chirping]
[footsteps approaching]
[knock at door]
- Jan?
Won't you come upstairs?
Dinner's about finished.
And your sisters want to take
you to Tasty Treat afterwards.
- Janny, we love you.
We hope you know that.
- And...
we understand that
none of this is easy.
- Well, it is easy.
It's very easy.
I don't want to be here.
I love B,
and I want to marry him.
- We want to know our options,
you know,
under the law
to just put him away.
- Your best recourse is to
press charges against Berchtold
for any abuse your daughter
may have endured.
We don't know
if she's been violated,
but we do have a good idea
that he's crossed some lines.
See if you can get her
to talk
about what happened
between them.
That would be the first step.
[soft ominous music]
- It's Frank Tobler,
B-L-E-R.
That's right.
Yeah, I'll hold.
* *
Yeah, it's right here.
Well--
I see.
* *
[dial tone droning]
[sighs]
* *
- How's the casserole?
- Well, I married
the best cook
to come out of Grass Creek,
that's for sure.
- Do you know,
I was thinking the other day
just how astonished
I was that first time
you wanted to take me out.
Do you remember?
I was so nervous.
You were wonderful.
And then when we got married,
Albuquerque was just...
another world to me.
We had such fun.
Those caverns.
And we'd make
all those smart remarks,
and they'd echo all over.
And we'd take rides, you know?
Just the two of us.
And the moon was so bright,
and we would look up
at the stars.
And you said it was just
like heaven to be together.
- The divorce is gonna be
finalized in Jackson soon.
I tried.
I've been twisting myself
into knots for years
trying to make this thing work.
I mean, you know I have.
I've got to make my way
to real happiness.
You understand?
- I know, Bob.
- Well, we're always
gonna be pals.
All right?
And you know I'm here
for you and the kids.
Slice for the road.
[gloomy music]
* *
- [crying]
- Mom?
- It's gonna be all right,
honey.
- You'd better turn
that frown upside down.
* *
[silverware clattering]
- How come Karen
gets to sleep over
at Caroline's and I don't?
Caroline is mybest friend.
- You can't be out of the house
without me or your father.
[indistinct chatter on radio]
Will you sit with me?
Please?
- And for us, trying to help
a beloved spouse or child--
- If this is about B,
I don't want to talk about it.
Not with you.
- Please sit, Janny.
B isn't like other men
in terms of...
Desires.
It's hard to understand, but
the FBI studies these things,
and...
they think he has problems
with little girls,
with young girls,
and that he doesn't
have regular feelings that
a man has for...
a--an adult woman.
I want you to know that...
it's okay...
just to say
if anything happened...
Between you and B that--
that was...
indecent.
- That's sick.
B's not like that.
You're just jealous because
he loves me and not you.
- That is enough.
How dare you speak
to your mother that way?
He is a deeply wicked man,
Janny.
And he will suffer,
and he will be judged
like the sons of perdition
for tormenting
an innocent child.
- You're the ones
who are tormenting me!
And I'm not a child!
* *
[door slams]
[sniffling]
* *
Heavenly Father,
[crying] I know
that you can see my heart.
[sniffles]
Please, I just--
I'm really trying to help them
as hard as I can.
* *
Just please, please,
don't let Susan be taken.
Don't let Karen go blind.
Please don't let me
be vaporized.
* *
I will do this.
I swear.
Just if you--
if you return me to B,
I'll be his wife,
and I'll have the baby.
Please.
* *
[TV playing indistinct]
- You're still awake?
- It's just getting started.
We can watch it together.
If you're not too tired.
[soft bright music]
* *
- Why aren't you mad like Bob?
- Bob?
- You should be angry.
Don't you even feel anything?
- I love you.
* *
That's what I'm feeling.
- Everything that I've done,
that's it?
* *
You just love me?
- There'll never be time,
not for us.
[gentle orchestral music]
* *
[music stops]
[crickets chirping]
- Did you talk to her?
- Just for a minute.
[solemn music]
* *
She's suffering.
I can feel her...
wrestling...
* *
Like the real Janny's
disappearing.
* *
- I, uh--
I shouldn't have
lost my temper.
I'll need to apologize to her.
* *
You think I should do it now?
- I think
she's gone to sleep already.
- [sighs]
* *
We'll all feel better
in the morning.
I'll speak to her
about it then.
* *
[window squeaking]
[birds singing]
- Morning, sweethear--
[ominous music]
* *
- Dear Bob and Mary Ann,
you won't let me
do what's right,
so I will do what's wrong.
I am leaving without B,
do not plan on coming back
until you accept me as I am.
- Until you accept me as I am.
"I cannot accept,"
misspelled,
"Your religion
or your screwed up morals.
"I just want to be me
and have B.
"Please, before all of us
are destroyed, let me go.
Jan."
- God in heaven.
- Now, Pete, I know that
Berchtold is behind this.
I know it.
I--I mean, J--
Jan and I did have some
harsh words yesterday, but--
- It's not just the spelling.
It doesn't even sound like her!
- It's just--
it doesn't sound like her.
- Either Berchtold wrote the
letter pretending to be her
or she was distressed
composing it.
I'll check with
his parole officer,
but my guess is we'll find him
right where
he's supposed to be.
He wants to make it seem like
she left of her own volition.
He's being careful this time.
- Well, I hope
you're wrong about that.
- So do I.
I'll let you know when I hear.
Call you back.
- Thank you, Pete.
- So what did he say?
- Okay, it's complicated.
Um--
[phone ringing]
[sighs]
- Hello.
Brobergs.
- It's me.
- Where are you, B?
Is Jan with you?
- No.
No, no, Mary Ann, no.
[inhales deeply]
No, she called.
Said she ran away.
Oh, I've been drinking
myself sick all morning.
Said she walked down
to the highway
and she hailed down a truck.
- I don't believe that
for a second.
Hailed down a truck?
- Well, that's the truth.
I told her to forget about me,
that you and Bob don't--
don't approve,
and she said she can't.
[sighs]
What am I supposed to do,
Mary Ann?
I worry about her
being out there so much.
- I am at the end.
Now, you listen to me,
you son of a bitch.
I know what you are.
It took me too long,
but I know you are a monster.
A heartless,
vile excuse of a man!
And I will get my daughter
away from you
if it is the last thing
I do on this Earth!
[phone slams]
[disconnection chime beeping]
- * The sun is
just going down now *
* And won't be back again *
* But lately *
* I've been feeling
kind of low *
* Just like the setting sun *
* *
* It's a long road home *
* I don't know *
* Where you are *
* And though you're far away *
* I can see through you *
* *
* Each and every *
* Minute of the day *
* I can see through you *
* But I don't know
what I see *
* *
* Early in the morning,
look out the window *
* Don't know where to go *
* *
* Leaving on
that 10:30 train *
* You know I told her so *
* *
* I can see through you *
* Each and every *
* Minute of the day *
* I can see through you *
* Through you *
* *